If there is hope for peace,
the conditions for peace are not in the hands of the country.
Why can't we talk about peace?
But the people in the front and back
are holding the same breath as the Communist Party.
They have a saying,
once we talk about peace, we are the guardians.
Then the people can't talk about peace.
We have to accept it.
We have to be under their pressure.
We can't speak out.
We have to let them put us in the dark.
We want to do this.
We have to show the people in the front and back
that we have used our methods to save them.
They can't speak out.
We can't speak out.
We want to save them.
What can we say?
Let's talk about the people in the front and back.
What do the people in the front and back think?
I know that their thoughts are the same as the people in the front and back.
Their thoughts can't be separated.
Their bodies can't be separated either.
But they are the same as the people in the front and back.
They are the same as the people in the front and back.
What's the difference?
That's what they think.
If we want peace...
We can't talk about it.
We have to do this together.
We have to fight for the country.
If we want peace,
we have to fight for the country.
They have to talk about peace.
Not only that,
they also want to fight for peace.
This is different from the people in the front and back.
The people in the front and back don't want to talk about it.
They are talking about it in the front and back.
I don't want to talk about it.
Let's talk about it in Guangzhou.
I'm concerned about it.
I left Guangzhou in winter of the 20th century.
I went to the capital of the Qing Dynasty.
It's been eight years.
I didn't expect that Guangzhou would be like this.
I remember that from the 10th of last year,
the people of Guangzhou were all in a panic.
Everyone heard that.
What did the government say at that time?
They were worried about peace.
Don't be afraid.
The Japanese army won't come.
I'm worried about the people of Guangzhou.